# Breaking-the-Enigma
A simple code cracking game using elementary Java.
I was watching the movie “The Imitation Game” which was a documentary on his
life. Inspired by him, I made this code-cracking game and called it “Breaking the
Enigma” out of sheer respect for Alan Turing.
NOTE: No external help was taken for the creation of this game.
I made the game using an Object Oriented Programming Language called Java
(which I’ve been learning since class 8) and a compiler called Blue J. Pre-requisite
knowledge for creating the game was basic level programming skills. Basic
concepts such as single dimensional arrays, while loops and for loops were used.
Math Functions such as Math.Random were used. Basic operators such as those
for addition, subtraction, division, remainder, incrementation were used.
The Computer will generate a Random 4-digit number and you have guess what it
is based on certain hints given by the Computer. If the digit input by the user is
not there in the number, output will show ‘X’ in that position in the number. If the
digit input by the user is there in the number but in the wrong positon, then
output will show ’O’, in that position in the number. If the digit input by the user
is in the correct position, then output will show ‘#’ in that position in the number.
Eg :-
Number generated by Computer = 3497
User Input = 1234
Output = XXOX
User Input = 3079
Output = #XOO
User Input = 3497
Output = ####
“Congratulations! You have cracked the code.”
And that’s all.
